.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii netopeer2-cli.1
.\"

.TH "netopeer2-cli" 1 "2021-11-10" "Netopeer"
.SH NAME
netopeer2-cli \- NETCONF client with command line interface build on libnetconf2
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnetopeer2-cli\fP serves as a generic NETCONF client providing a simple interactive command line
interface. It allows user to establish a NETCONF session with a NETCONF-enabled
device on the network and to obtain and manipulate its configuration data.
.B netopeer2-cli
is limited to a single NETCONF connection at a time via a forward or a reverse
(Call Home) connecting method.
.PP
Here is the list of NETCONF capabilities supported by
.BR netopeer2-cli :
.IP \(bu 2
NETCONF protocol version 1.0 and 1.1 (RFC 6241)
.IP \(bu 2
SSH transport (RFC 6242)
.IP \(bu 2
TLS transport (RFC 5539bis)
.IP \(bu 2
Call Home (reverse SSH/TLS)
.IP \(bu 2
Event Notifications (RFC 5277)
.IP \(bu 2
Access Control (RFC 6536)
.IP \(bu 2
:writable-running capability
.IP \(bu 2
:startup capability
.IP \(bu 2
:candidate capability
.IP \(bu 2
:confirmed-commit capability
.IP \(bu 2
:validate capability version 1.1
.IP \(bu 2
:with-defaults capability (RFC 6243)
.IP \(bu 2
:url capability
.IP \(bu 2
:xpath capability
.
.SH TRANSPORT
The supported transport protocols are detected automatically based on how was libnetconf2 compiled.
Unsupported (sub)commands are then not available and are hidden in the help. This page, however,
contains them all.
.
.SH COMMANDS

.SS help
Display list of commands. \fI\-\-(h)elp\fR option is also accepted by all commands
to show detailed information about the command.


.SS connect
Connect to a NETCONF server.
.PP

.B connect
[\-\-help] [\-\-host \fIhostname\fR] [\-\-port \fInum\fR]
    [\-\-ssh] [\-\-login \fIusername\fR]
    \-\-tls  [\-\-cert \fIcert_path\fR [\-\-key \fIkey_path\fR]] [\-\-trusted \fItrusted_CA_store.pem\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-h(o)st
\fIhostname\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the hostname of the NETCONF server to connect to. If not specified, 'localhost' is used.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(p)ort
\fInum\fR
.RS 4
Port to connect to the NETCONF server on. By default, port \fI830\fR for SSH or
\fI6513\fR for TLS transport is used.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(s)sh
.RS 4
Use NETCONF over SSH transport. This is the default, when both SSH and TLS are enabled.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(l)ogin
\fIusername\fR
.RS 4
Specify the SSH username to connect with. By default, the current system user is used.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(t)ls
.RS 4
Use NETCONF over TLS transport.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(c)ert
\fIcert_path\fR
.RS 4
Use a specific certificate for TLS handshake. \fIcert_path\fR specifies
path to the client certificate in CRT format. If the
.B \-\-key
option is not specified, \fIcert_path\fR is expected to contain also the private
key for the client certificate, in PEM format.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(k)ey
\fIkey_path\fR
.RS 4
Specifies path to the private key for the client certificate in KEY format. If not specified,
\fIcert_path\fR is expected to contain also the private key for the client
certificate, in PEM format.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-t(r)usted
\fItrusted_CA_store.pem\fR
.RS 4
Specifies path to a trusted CA certificate bundle in PEM format to be used exclusively for server verification for this connection instead of the default CA directory.
.RE
.RE


.SS listen
Listen for a NETCONF Call Home.
.PP

.B listen
[\-\-help] [\-\-timeout \fIsec\fR] [\-\-host \fIhostname\fR] [\-\-port \fInum\fR]
    [\-\-ssh] [\-\-login \fIusername\fR]
    \-\-tls  [\-\-cert \fIcert_path\fR [\-\-key \fIkey_path\fR]] [\-\-trusted \fItrusted_CA_store.pem\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-t(i)meout
\fIsec\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the time for how long the CLI will listen for the Call Home connection. By default, 60 (a minute) is used.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-h(o)st
\fIhostname\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the hostname (interface) to listen on. By default, ::0 is used.
.RE
.PP

.B \fIother options\fR
.RS 4
The rest of the options have similar meaning as in
.B connect.
.RE
.RE


.SS disconnect
Disconnect from a NETCONF server.
.RE
.RE


.SS commit
Perform NETCONF <commit> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 8.3.4.1\fR.
.PP

.B commit
[\-\-help] [\-\-confirmed] [\-\-confirm-timeout \fIsec\fR] [\-\-persist \fInew-commit-id\fR] [\-\-persist-id \fIcommit-id\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(c)onfirmed
.RS 4
Make the <commit> a confirmed commit. See \fIRFC 6421 section 8.4\fR.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-confirm-(t)imeout
\fIsec\fR
.RS 4
Specify the confirmed commit timeout. Can be used only with
.B \-\-confirmed.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(p)ersist
\fInew-commit-id\fR
.RS 4
Make the commit a persistent commit. \fInew-commit-id\fR is the identificator of the commit.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-persist-(i)d
\fIcommit-id\fR
.RS 4
Confirm a persistent commit with the \fIcommit-id\fR identificator.
.RE
.RE


.SS cancel-commit
Cancel a pending confirmed commit.
.PP

.B cancel-commit
[\-\-help] [\-\-persist\-id \fIcommit-id\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-persist-(i)d
\fIcommit-id\fR
.RS 4
Cancel a specific \fIcommit-id\fR pending confirmed commit.
.RE
.RE


.SS copy-config
Perform NETCONF <copy-config> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.3\fR.
.PP

.B copy-config
[\-\-help] \-\-target running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR (\-\-source running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR | \-\-src-config [\fIfile\fR]) [\-\-defaults report-all|report-all-tagged|trim|explicit]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(t)arget
running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the target of the <copy-config> operation. Either a datastore or a specific URL can be specified.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(s)ource
running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the source of the <copy-config> operation. Either a datastore or a specific URL can be specified.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-src-(c)onfig
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies the source of the <copy-config> operation. If a \fIfile\fR with the configuration is not specified,
the configuration is read from the standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(d)efaults
report\-all|report\-all\-tagged|trim|explicit
.RS 4
Use :with-defaults capability with the specified retrieval mode. For more details
see \fIRFC 6243 section 3\fR.
.RE
.RE


.SS delete-config
Perform NETCONF <delete-config> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.4\fR.
.PP

.B delete\-config
[\-\-help] \-\-target startup|url:\fIurl\fR
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(t)arget
startup|url:\fIurl\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the target of the <delete-config> operation. Either the startup datastore or a specific URL can be specified.
.RE
.RE


.SS discard-changes
Perform NETCONF <discard-changes> operation. It reverts the
.I candidate
configuration to the current
.I running
configuration. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 8.3.4.2\fR.
.RE
.RE


.SS edit-config
Perform NETCONF <edit-config> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.2\fR.
.PP

.B edit-config
[\-\-help] \-\-target running|candidate (\-\-config [\fIfile\fR] | \-\-url \fIurl\fR) [\-\-defop merge|replace|none] [\-\-test set|test-only|test-then-set] [\-\-error stop|continue|rollback]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(t)arget
running|candidate
.RS 4
Specifies the target of the <edit-config> operation.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(c)onfig
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies the content of the <edit-config> operation. If a \fIfile\fR with the configuration is not specified,
the configuration is read from the standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(u)rl
\fIur\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the content of the <edit-config> operation. It is retrieved from that specific URL.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-def(o)p
merge|replace|none
.RS 4
Specifies default operation for applying configuration data.
.IP merge
Merge configuration data at the corresponding level. This is the default value.
.IP replace
Edit configuration data completely replaces the configuration in the target
datastore.
.IP none
The target datastore is unaffected by the edit configuration data, unless and
until the edit configuration data contains the
.I operation
attribute to request a different operation.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-t(e)st
set|test-only|test-then-set
.RS 4
Perform validation of the modified configuration data. This option is available
only if the server supports :validate:1.1 capability (see \fIRFC 6241 section 8.6\fR).
.IP set
Do not perform validation test.
.IP test-only
Do not apply the modified data, only perform the validation test.
.IP test-then-set
Perform a validation test before attempting to apply modified configuration data.
This is the default value.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-e(r)ror
stop|continue|rollback
.RS 4
Set reaction to an error.
.IP stop
Abort the operation on first error. This is the default value.
.IP continue
Continue to process configuration data on error. The error is recorded and
negative response is returned.
.IP rollback
Stop the operation processing on error and restore the configuration to its
complete state at the start of this operation. This \fIaction\fR is available
only if the server supports :rollback-on-error capability (see \fIRFC 6241 section 8.5\fR).
.RE
.RE


.SS get
Perform NETCONF <get> operation. Retrieves both status as well as configuration
data from the current running datastore. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.7\fR.
.PP

.B get
[\-\-help] [\-\-filter-subtree [\fIfile\fR] | \-\-filter-xpath \fIXPath\fR] [\-\-defaults report-all|report-all-tagged|trim|explicit] [\-\-out \fIfile\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-filter-(s)ubtree
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies if the request will contain a subtree filter (\fIRFC 6241 section 6\fR).
The \fIfile\fR is expected to contain the filter specification. If it is not specified,
it is read from standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-filter-(x)path
\fIXPath\fR
.RS 4
Specififes is the request will contain an XPath filter. \fIXPath\fR is the expression
used for filtering.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(d)efaults
report-all|report-all-tagged|trim|explicit
.RS 4
Use :with-defaults capability with specified retrieval mode. For more details
see \fIRFC 6243 section 3\fR.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(o)ut
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Print the result of the command into a file rather than to the standard output.
.RE
.RE


.SS get-config
Perform NETCONF <get-config> operation. Retrieves only configuration data from
the specified source. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.1\fR.
.PP

.B get-config
[\-\-help] \-\-source running|startup|candidate [\-\-filter-subtree [\fIfile\fR] | \-\-filter-xpath \fIXPath\fR] [\-\-defaults report-all|report-all-tagged|trim|explicit] [\-\-out \fIfile\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(s)ource
running|startup|candidate
.RS 4
Specifies the source of the <get-config> operation.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-filter-(s)ubtree
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies if the request will contain a subtree filter (\fIRFC 6241 section 6\fR).
The \fIfile\fR is expected to contain the filter specification. If it is not specified,
it is read from standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-filter-(x)path
\fIXPath\fR
.RS 4
Specififes is the request will contain an XPath filter. \fIXPath\fR is the expression
used for filtering.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(d)efaults
report-all|report-all-tagged|trim|explicit
.RS 4
Use :with-defaults capability with specified retrieval mode. For more details
see \fIRFC 6243 section 3\fR.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(o)ut
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Print the result of the command into a file rather than to the standard output.
.RE
.RE


.SS get-schema
Perform NETCONF <get-schema> operation that retrieves specified data model used
by the server. This operation is available only if the server implements the YANG
Module for NETCONF Monitoring. The list of available schemas can be retrieved from
.I /netconf-state/schemas
subtree via the <get> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6022 sections 3.1 and 4\fR.
.PP

.B get-schema
[\-\-help] \-\-model \fIidentifier\fR [\-\-version \fIversion\fR] [\-\-format \fIformat\fR] [\-\-out \fIfile\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(m)odel
\fIidentifier\fR
.RS 4
Identifier for the schema list entry.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(v)ersion
\fIversion\fR
.RS 4
Version of the requested schema.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(f)ormat
\fIformat\fR
.RS 4
The data modeling language (format) of the requested schema. Default value is
.IR yang .
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(o)ut
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Print the result of the command into a file rather than to the standard output.
.RE
.RE


.SS  kill-session
Perform NETCONF <kill-session> operation to terminate specified NETCONF session.
To terminate the current session, use the
.B disconnect
command. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.9\fR.
.PP

.B kill-session
[\-\-help] \-\-sid \fIsesion-ID\fR
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(s)id
\fIsession-ID\fR
.RS 4
Session identifier of the NETCONF session to be terminated.
.RE
.RE


.SS lock
Perform the NETCONF <lock> operation to lock the entire configuration datastore
of a server. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.5\fR.
.PP

.B lock
[\-\-help] \-\-target running|startup|candidate
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(t)arget
running|startup|candidate
.RS 4
Target datastore to lock..
.RE
.RE


.SS  unlock
Perform the NETCONF <unlock> operation to release a configuration lock,
previously obtained with the <lock> operation. For more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 7.6\fR.
.PP

.B lock
[\-\-help] \-\-target running|startup|candidate
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(t)arget
running|startup|candidate
.RS 4
Target datastore to unlock.
.RE
.RE


.SS  validate
Perform the NETCONF <validate> operation to validate configuration data. For
more details see \fIRFC 6241 section 8.6.4.1\fR.
.PP

.B validate
[\-\-help] (\-\-source running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR | \-\-src-config [\fIfile\fR])
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(s)ource
running|startup|candidate|url:\fIurl\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the source of the <validate> operation. Either a datastore or a specific URL can be specified.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-src-(c)onfig
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies the source of the <validate> operation. If a \fIfile\fR with the configuration is not specified,
the configuration is read from the standard input.
.RE
.RE


.SS  subscribe
Perform NETCONF Event Notifications <create-subscription> operation. For more
details see \fIRFC 5277 section 2.1.1\fR.
.PP

.B subscribe
[\-\-help] [\-\-filter-subtree [\fIfile\fR] | \-\-filter-xpath \fIXPath\fR] [\-\-begin \fItime\fR] [\-\-end \fItime\fR] [\-\-stream \fIstream\fR] [\-\-out \fIfile\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-filter-(s)ubtree
[\fIfile\fR]
.RS 4
Specifies if the request will contain a subtree filter (\fIRFC 6241 section 6\fR).
The \fIfile\fR is expected to contain the filter specification. If it is not specified,
it is read from standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-filter-(x)path
\fIXPath\fR
.RS 4
Specififes is the request will contain an XPath filter. \fIXPath\fR is the expression
used for filtering.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(b)egin
\fItime\fR
.RS 4
Start to replay event notifications from past (future time is not valid).
If the start time is not specified, replay feature is not activated and only
new event notifications are received. Format of the \fItime\fR parameter is
described below.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(e)nd
\fItime\fR
.RS 4
Specifies when the event replay stops. Format of the \fItime\fR parameter is
as follows:
.IP +\fItime\fR
Current time plus the given number of seconds.
.IP \fItime\fR
Absolute time as number of seconds since 1970-01-01.
.IP -\fItime\fR
Current time minus the given number of seconds.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-s(t)ream
\fIstream\fR
.RS 4
Specifies which event stream is of the interest. If not specified, default NETCONF
stream is received. The list of available streams can be retrieved from
.I /netconf/streams
subtree via the <get> operation.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(o)ut
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Print the received notifications into a file rather than to the standard output.
.RE
.RE


.SS cert
Manage client and trusted Certificate Authority certificates that are used for TLS verification stored in \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/client.*\fR and \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/certs\fR respectively.
.PP
This command is available with TLS support.
.PP

.B cert
[\-\-help] [display] [add \fIcert_path\fR] [remove \fIcert_name\fR] [displayown] [replaceown (\fIcert_path.pem\fR | \fIcert_path.crt\fR \fIkey_path.key\fR)]
.PP
.RS 4

.B display
.RS 4
Displays all the recognized certificates in \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/certs\fR. First the file name and serial number, then subject, issuer and validity are shown for each certificate.
.RE
.PP

.B add
\fIcert_path\fR
.RS 4
Adds the \fIcert_path\fR certificate to the trusted CA dir \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/certs\fR and recalculates hashes of all the certificates.
.RE
.PP

.B remove
\fIcert_name\fR
.RS 4
Removes the \fIcert_name\fR certificate from the trusted CA dir \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/certs\fR and recalculates hashes of all the certificates. \fIcert_name\fR is the certificate file name, as displayed in the
.B cert display
command output.
.RE
.PP

.B displayown
.RS 4
Shows information about the status of the default client certificates and displays information about any relevant found client certificates \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/client.crt\fR and \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/client.pem\fR.
.RE
.PP

.B replaceown
\fIcert_path\fR [\fIkey_path\fR]
.RS 4
Replaces the default client certificates with the PEM certificate in \fIcert_path\fR or the CRT certificate \fIcert_path\fR and private key \fIkey_path\fR.
.B All
previous client certificates are deleted.
.RE
.PP


.SS crl
Manage Certificate Revocation List certificates that are stored in the \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/crl\fR directory.
.PP
This command is available only with TLS support.
.PP

.B crl
[\-\-help] [display] [add \fIcrl_path\fR] [remove \fIcrl_name\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B display
.RS 4
Displays all the recognized CRLs in \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/crl\fR. First the file name, then issuer, last and next update dates are shown for each CRL followed by the serial numbers and revocation dates of all the revocated certificates.
.RE
.PP

.B add
\fIcrl_path\fR
.RS 4
Adds the \fIcrl_path\fR CRL to the \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/crl\fR dir and recalculates hashes of all the CRLs.
.RE
.PP

.B remove
\fIcrl_name\fR
.RS 4
Removes the \fIcert_name\fR CRL from the \fI~/.netopeer2-cli/crl\fR dir and recalculates hashes of all the CRLs. \fIcrl_name\fR is the CRL file name, as displayed in the
.B crl display
command output.
.RE
.RE


.SS  auth
Manage SSH authentication options - authentication preferences and private keys.
.PP
This command is available with SSH support.
.PP

.B auth
(\-\-help | pref [(publickey | interactive | password) \fIpreference\fR] | keys [add \fIprivate_key_path\fR] [remove \fIkey_index\fR])
.PP
.RS 4

.B pref
.RS 4
Print the current authentication method preferences or change a specific method preference.
.RE
.PP
\fIpreference\fR
.RS 4
The new preference of the authentication method. Negative values disable the authentication method.
.RE
.PP

.B keys
.RS 4
Manage keys used for authentication.
.RE
.PP
\fIpath_to_the_key\fR
.RS 4
If specified,
.B add
or
.B remove
the keys. If not, show the current keys.
.RE
.PP


.SS editor
Manage the external editor used for modifying raw input data.
.PP

.B editor
[\-\-help] [\fIpath/name_of_the_editor\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

\fIpath/name_of_the_editor\fR
.RS 4
The full path or just the name of the editor to be used.
.RE
.RE


.SS status
Print information about the current NETCONF session.
.RE
.RE


.SS user-rpc
Send your own content in an RPC envelope.
.PP

.B user-rpc
[\-\-help] [\-\-content \fIfile\fR] [\-\-out \fIfile\fR]
.PP
.RS 4

.B \-\-(c)ontent
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Specifies a file containing NETCONF RPC operation in XML format. Only the NETCONF
<rpc> envelope is added to the file content and then it is sent to a server. If
the file is omitted, the RPC content is read from the standard input.
.RE
.PP

.B \-\-(o)ut
\fIfile\fR
.RS 4
Print the command result into a file rather than to the standard output.
.RE
.RE


.SS searchpath
Set the directory, which will be used when searching for modules. Modules
are always needed to be able to work with the same data as a NETCONF server.
They are searched locally (in this directory) only if the server does not
support the <get-schema> NETCONF operation. If it does, all the modules
(except \fIietf-netconf-monitoring\fR, which includes the definition of
the <get-schema> RPC itself) are downloaded from the server.
.PP

.B searchpath
\fImodel-dir-path\fR
.RE
.RE


.SS outputformat
Set the format for all the output data. XML is the default.
.PP

.B outputformat
(xml | xml_noformat | json)
.RE
.RE


.SS version
Print the CLI version.
.RE
.RE


.SS verb
Set CLI verbosity. Only errors are printed by default.
.PP

.B verb
(error/0 | warning/1 | verbose/2 | debug/3)
.RE
.RE


.SS quit
Quit the program.


.SH FILES
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/config.xml
.RS
Per user configuration for NETCONF <hello> message (see RFC 6241 for further
details).
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/history
.RS
Per user history of executed commands.
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/client.pem
.RS
Per user certificate with its private key that is sent to the server for verification. If present together with
.B client.crt
and
.B client.key
it is not utilized. Only with TLS support.
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/client.crt
.RS
Per user certificate that is sent to the server for verification. Needs a corresponding private key to be utilized. Only with TLS support.
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/client.key
.RS
Per user private key for the user certificate. Needs a corresponding certificate to be utilized. Only with TLS support.
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/certs
.RS
Per user trusted Certificate Authority directory that is searched when verifying a server certificate. Only with TLS support.
.RE
.PP
.I ~/.netopeer2-cli/crl
.RS
Per user Certificate Revocation List directory that is searched when verifying a server certificate. Only with TLS support.


.SH SEE ALSO
RFC 5277 (Event Notifications)
.br
RFC 6241 (NETCONF v1.1)
.br
RFC 6242 (NETCONF over SSH)
.br
RFC 6243 (With-defaults capability)
.br
RFC 6536 (NETCONF Access Control)
.br
.na
http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-netconf-rfc5539bis-05 (NETCONF over TLS)
.br
http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-netconf-reverse-ssh-05 (Call Home)
.br
https://github.com/CESNET/netopeer2 (Netopeer homepage)
.ad
.SH AUTHORS
Michal Vasko <mvasko@cesnet.cz>
.br
Radek Krejci <rkrejci@cesnet.cz>
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012-2021 CESNET, a.l.e.
.br
Copyright \(co 2018-2021 Deutsche Telekom AG.
