.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii netopeer2-server.8
.\"

.TH "netopeer2-server" 8 "2023-05-25" "Netopeer"
.SH NAME
netopeer2-server \- NETCONF server daemon build on libnetconf2 with sysrepo datastore
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B netopeer2-server
[\fB-dFhV\fP] [\fB-p\fP \fIPATH\fP] [\fB-U\fP[\fIPATH\fP]] [\fB-m\fP \fIMODE\fP] [\fB-u\fP \fIUID\fP]
[\fB-g\fP \fIGID\fP] [\fB-t\fP \fITIMEOUT\fP] [\fB-v\fP \fILEVEL\fP] [\fB-c\fP \fICATEGORY\fP]
.br
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnetopeer2-server\fP is as a full-fledged NETCONF server providing a remote NETCONF
interface for sysrepo datastore. It configures itself based on \fIietf-netconf-server\fP
YANG module data in sysrepo.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR "\-d"
Debug mode (do not daemonize and print verbose messages to stderr instead of syslog).
.TP
.BR "\-F"
Run in foreground (do not daemonize) and log to syslog.
.TP
.BR "\-h"
Display help.
.TP
.BR "\-V"
Show program version.
.TP
.BR "\-p \fIPATH\fP"
Path to pidfile.
.TP
.BR "\-f \fIPATH\fP"
Path to netopeer2 server files directory.
.TP
.BR "\-U[\fIPATH\fP]"
Listen on a local UNIX socket.
.TP
.BR "\-m \fIMODE\fP"
Set mode for the listening UNIX socket.
.TP
.BR "\-u \fIUID\fP"
Set UID/user for the listening UNIX socket.
.TP
.BR "\-g \fIGID\fP"
Set GID/group for the listening UNIX socket.
.TP
.BR "\-t \fITIMEOUT\fP"
Timeout in seconds of all sysrepo functions (applying edit-config, reading data, ...),
if 0 (default), the default sysrepo timeouts are used.
.TP
.BR "\-v \fILEVEL\fP"
Verbose output \fILEVEL\fP:
 \[bu] \fB0\fP - errors
 \[bu] \fB1\fP - errors and warnings
 \[bu] \fB2\fP - errors, warnings, and verbose messages
.TP
.BR "\-c \fICATEGORY\fP[,\fICATEGORY\fP...]"
Verbose debug level, print only these debug message categories.
Categories:
 \[bu] \fBDICT\fP
 \[bu] \fBYANG\fP
 \[bu] \fBYIN\fP
 \[bu] \fBXPATH\fP
 \[bu] \fBDIFF\fP
 \[bu] \fBMSG\fP
 \[bu] \fBLN2DBG\fP
 \[bu] \fBSSH\fP
 \[bu] \fBSYSREPO\fP
.
.SH SEE ALSO
https://sysrepo.org (sysrepo home page with basic information about netopeer2-server)
.br
https://github.com/CESNET/netopeer2 (Netopeer2 Git repository)
.
.SH AUTHORS
Michal Vasko <mvasko@cesnet.cz>
.br
Radek Krejci <rkrejci@cesnet.cz>
.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018-2021 CESNET, a.l.e.
.br
Copyright \(co 2018-2021 Deutsche Telekom AG.
